This project aims to create a secure blog that allows users to create accounts, log into their account, crate posts, edit posts, delete posts and log out. The blog aims to be as secure as possible with multiple security features such as account enumeration protection, SQL injection protection, cross site scripting protection, cross site request forgery protection session hijacking protection as well as many other security enhancements. The blog also allows the user to secure their account with two factor actitation in the form of a six digit code generator.

Installation procedures--
prerequisite
- You must have node installed on the computer you want to use as the server.
- You must have access to a postgress SQL server. 

Firstly you need to edit the config.env file and update the database connection details to that of your SQL server. While in that file you should update the encryption keys with new random strings. Next you should go the login front end and backend and replace the encryption key with another random string. After that you need to replace the certificates for the https server with the ones you brought from a trusted provider. Now run the file 'databaseDDL.js' with the command >node backend/databaseDDL.js . This will create the schema and tables required to run the website. Finally to start the server you should start the https server with the command node backend/index.js . If the server starts correctly you should see an output in the terminal telling you what port the server is running on. To visit the website simply search 'https://localhost:5000' replacing the local host with the IP address of the server.
